

9. You gain gold by buying using score (score scaling) or sacrifice a boon (set amount of gold, gold gained will be based on rarirty).
10. Next step is shop feature. Show boons as item instead of artifact, relics and fossil. Only about 4 boons, score price will scale with levels.
11. Event feature > challenge > double or nothing. Chance based appearance. Only start after level 4.
12. Implement diagonal movement  (only in the shop or event, and it costs all of your score).
13. Curse that spawns dead block (1 deadblocks, immediately) showing up or new gems (like only 5% for appearance) to mess with the board. dead block can only be remove by moving it to the bottom.
14. Add a version
15. Gamble boon, double or nothing. Either repeatedly or one chance


1. Star gem can destroy another star gem if they both come from the same gem


2. Getting special gems
OO
OO
OO

3. Star exploded by another special gems, doesn't do anything





Thanks, next I need help fixing the following

For the hint, If i click around, the hint won't show up. The user needs to stay still for hint to start the count down. Always start/restart the count down after successful match and the cascade is done, regardless any attempt to fail match.
After the elite/challenge, show the result dialog screen with flavor text and the rewards/ penalty (same as the on pops up in the history).
For the even dialog, I want to enter new line in between , how do I do that? Also, can you make then align left, for the text?
For the boon rewards, can you make them dashed underlined and show tooltips when hover over them?. Also color code the boon name based on the rarity as well (The color is the same color we use for the boon card order). Same applies for the curse as well
I want to change Gem Cultivator fight but lose rewards from deducting your score to him implanting a parasite curse which will sap 15% of your score at the end of the level, before entering the shop. here is the lose text which i already updated.
 loseText: "The Gem Cultivator's technique overwhelms you. Before you can complete the challenge, the opportunity slips away.He smiles as the gemstone's energy fades. \"Your talent may be lacking, but your body will more than make up for it.\"\n\n\u201cA strange parasite emerges from his hand and burrows into your body before you can react.A parasite curse has been implanted within you.",
On the Gem Stats screen, put another divider below the Gems, add display target score multiplier.
Below the Gem Stats screen, add a Curse screen, that show a list of active curse. I leave the design to you for now. Will think of the details afterwards.


TO fixing

1 For the belt, put it right below the the text line that is below the board..

2 As for the choice for the encounter event, line them in a column and put a number like this
1. option 1 text here
2. option 2 text here
3. option 3 text here